# Disclaimer

To broaden collaboration and facilitate the adoption and expansion of customer solutions, PTC is sharing several field-developed IoT components. 

These artifacts are built using ThingWorx best practices, including the Building Block structure where appropriate, and are available to PTC Customers, Partners, and Customer Success for incorporation and enhancement as needed for specific use cases.

Please note, these components are not covered by PTC Technical Support and are not subject to any Technical Support Service Level Agreements (SLAs). 

However, PTC Customer Success teams and resources will, on a best-effort basis:

* Maintain and manage functionality across ThingWorx platform version releases.
* Actively address reported bugs.
* Continue to enhance functionality opportunistically and by request where possible.

ThingWorx subscription users can continue to log technical support tickets. ThingWorx Platform Technical Support will assist in isolating root causes and addressing platform-related product issues through standard ThingWorx platform maintenance. 

If the issue pertains to this specific component offered via PTC GitHub, PTC Support will direct inquiries to the appropriate internal PTC teams for further assistance.

These shared components are provided "as is," without any warranty, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.

# Overview

Overview 

RTPPM Extended offers adopters a set of new reports and dashboard that enhance the analytic capabilities of RTPPM. It leverages the data generated by RTPPM and allows the user to perform better root cause analysis. Below are the key features included in RTPPM Extended: 

* Work Unit Status Dashboard – New dashboard to view current Work Unit status across a given area of the plant.​ Ideal for desktop or large format monitor on the factory shop floor. Allows user to drilldown on a specific work unit status to get additional details about it. User can configure KPIs to view and save multiple saved filters.  

* Downtime Analysis Report – New report that allows user to compare multiple machine equipment based on a set of filtering criteria. The report also has drill-in charting capabilities to perform “pareto” like analysis.  

* Hour by Hour Report – New report that makes available the raw data used to compile the RTPPM KPIs. The report shows an hour by hour (time slice) view of the manufacturing data generated by RTPPM. Can be used as a shift handover, at line or remote monitoring and analysis. The report also has a drill in charting capability to allow for quick analysis.   

* Production Events Operation Display - New Operation display that adds the ability to edit quantities of Production Events in the designated Unit of Measure for the Equipment or Change Products if operating in Product Mode and not Job Order. Production Event Quantities can be edited to reduce or increase the quantity overall for the timeframe.  

* Alarming Asset Link Configuration Display – New configuration display that allows to link AMU assets to RTPPM work units. By doing so, KPIs like “Alarm events triggered per Work Unit” can be displayed in the new Dashboard (Work Unit Status) and Report (Hour by Hour). 

* KPI & Operator Dashboards Additional Configuration – Ability to control the default timeframe used for Operator dashboard KPI section. Ability to control rounding decimals count for KPIs shown in the KPI & Operator Dashboards. 

# License

## PTC Proprietary Freeware License

I accept the PTC End User License Agreement (https://www.ptc.com/en/documents/legal-agreements/on-premise-license-agreements) and agree that any software downloaded/utilized will be in compliance with that Agreement.  However, despite anything to the contrary in the License Agreement, I agree as follows:

I acknowledge that I am not entitled to support assistance with respect to the software, and PTC will have no obligation to maintain the software or provide bug fixes or security patches or new releases.

The software is provided “As Is” and with no warranty, indemnitees or guarantees whatsoever, and PTC will have no liability whatsoever with respect to the software, including with respect to any intellectual property infringement claims or security incidents or data loss.
